Privacy Policy 
 Please read it carefully, thanks 

 1. Collection and use of information 
 (1) In order to provide services, improve software performance and appearance, recommend new features/new products, etc., in order to create accounts, identify users, respond to inquiries and emails, AlimedPeru will ask you to provide personal information (including Not limited to your name, phone number, email address, etc., and other information related to you (including but not limited to device information, log information, location information, and other similar feature records). 
 (2) AlimedPeru's user experience improvement program is based on statistics on usage data to diagnose system problems and optimize product experience.  We use tools such as Google Analytics to count the data you generate during the use of your product's technology products, including the Good Fit app.  In the User Experience Improvement Program, we will only aggregate the total usage data of all users, and will not include or upload any content that relates to your personally identifiable information.  The foregoing statistics include but are not limited to: application startup number, page access number, key button clicks, setting item configuration attributes, and the like.  As the subsequent versions of the product network technology products are upgraded, the scope of our statistics will change. Your download/installation/use of subsequent versions of the product technology products will be deemed your consent to the relevant changes at that time. 
 (3) AlimedPeru may combine the information you submit through your account with the information of third parties to provide you with a better experience and improve the quality of service of the product network technology. 
 (4) Products and services of AlimedPeru may contain links or information on third-party products and/or services.  If you fill out your personal information on another platform or submit/post it through a third-party program, that party may be informed of your information.  This third-party application may have its own privacy policy, please review it carefully and carefully consider it before providing personal information.  This Privacy Policy does not apply to third parties' collection of information about you. AlimedPeru cannot control the actions of third parties and therefore will not be liable for third parties to collect and use your information. 
 (5) AlimedPeru will strictly follow the relevant laws and regulations and the contents of this Privacy Policy to collect and use your information.
 2. Disclosure of information 
 (1) Unless otherwise required by laws and regulations, government requirements or exceptions as set forth in this Privacy Policy, AlimedPeru will properly keep your information and will not disclose it. 
 (2) You hereby authorize, in the following circumstances, AlimedPeru may disclose your information to third parties without obtaining your consent: 
 3. Information security 
 (1) AlimedPeru will make reasonable efforts to protect your information security, but you should be aware that Pinwang Technology cannot completely avoid the risks associated with personal information security (especially when force network technology cannot control, such as force majeure or Third-party reasons), therefore, AlimedPeru cannot make any definitive guarantee or promise to the maintenance or confidentiality of private information. 
  4. Collection and use of information on minors 
 (1) If you are a minor, you need to make sure you have obtained the consent of your legal guardian before providing your personal information. 
 5. Revision of this Privacy Policy 
 Although this privacy statement describes the standards that AlimedPeru follows in protecting privacy, these standards may change.  If there is an update, AlimedPeru will notify you of the changes and the effective date in the manner that AlimedPeru deems appropriate when the revised version is released. 

